Update to grade 2020 goals & remove outdated info (#91)
ipfs/roadmap: README.md

## 2020 Priority

### 📞 Content Routing
Our core goal for 2020 was to **improve the performance and reliability of *content routing* in the IPFS network**. 'Content routing' is the process of finding a node hosting the content you're looking for, such that you can fetch the desired data and quickly load your website/dapp/video/etc. As the IPFS network scaled in 2019 (over 30x!), it ran into new problems in our distributed routing algorithms - struggling to find content spread across many unreliable nodes. This was especially painful for [IPNS](https://docs.ipfs.io/guides/concepts/ipns/), which relied on _multiple_ of these slow/unreliable queries to find the latest version of a file. These performance gaps caused IPFS to lag and stall while searching for the needed content, hurting the end user experience and making IPFS "feel broken". Searching the network to find desired content (aka, using IPFS as a decentralized CDN) is one of the most common actions for new IPFS users and is required by most ipfs-powered dapp use cases - therefore, it was the main pain point we needed to mitigate in order to unlock increased adoption and scalability of the network.

> We considered a number of other potential goals - especially all the great [2020 Theme Proposals](https://github.com/ipfs/roadmap/issues/) - before selecting this priority. However, we decided it was more important to focus core working group dev time on the main blockers and pain points to enable the entire ecosystem to grow and succeed. Being able to focus narrowly on IPFS Content Routing performance had major wins! Content routing speed is now ~0.5 seconds on average to find new content added to the IPFS Public Network, a >60x improvement from the start of 2020, and 10x better than our 2020 goal!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We considered a number of other potential goals - especially all the great [2020 Theme Proposals](https://github.com/ipfs/roadmap/issues/) - before selecting this priority. However, we decided it was more important to focus core working group dev time on the main blockers and pain points to enable the entire ecosystem to grow and succeed. Being able to focus narrowly on IPFS Content Routing performance had major wins! At the time of this update (2022-04-26), content routing speed is ~0.5 seconds on average to find new content added to the IPFS Public Network, a >60x improvement from the start of 2020, and 10x better than our 2020 goal!
```
